Xiaojin
elf
Little Junior Sister
He is the little junior sister I have been thinking about
He just hung in front of my eyes like this
Well, haha, my lord.
I have to go home and make clothes with my husband
I'll go first
He has a husband
Manager Li
Check all his information immediately
Be quick yes
Murong girl please
Hahaha
Miss Murong
Why are you here?
As soon as you come to our house, it will shine instantly
Hahaha, our lady
Come and send the clothes of the champion to Lord Song
Husband, I have made your clothes
Ah.
OK
What are you doing?
Hurry up and salute Miss Murong
This is the eldest lady of Jin Kungfu
Miss Murong
The clothes my lady gave to the champion
It was made by the top embroidery room in the capital
This coat alone took 10 embroidery girls
This level of clothing
It's not something that can be topped by a blind flop
Why don't you put this thing away quickly?
I don't believe this kind of bargain in front of Miss Murong
Okay, I took the clothes away.
Remember to come to the celebration party tomorrow
I have something important to tell you
Then I'll go cook first.
Son, what are you doing?
Song Yi
Need an explanation